Updated changelog.md with 12.4 release notes (#3782)
magento/pwa-studio: CHANGELOG.md

# PWA Studio Release 12.4.0

**NOTE:**  
_This changelog only contains release notes for PWA Studio and Venia 12.4.0_  
_For older release notes, see_ [PWA Studio releases][].

## Highlights  

> The main focus of PWA Studio 12.4 is the enhanced ability to query and consume custom product attributes. While previously, this could be done, results were difficult to parse, with little ability for sorting and filtering. Now, custom product attributes are returned in their own object within the GraphQL response and can be sorted and filtered.

Reviewer: we are adding the support for both system (that haven't beed displayed before, e.g. short description) and custom attributes

Author: Good distinction. Added.

> ### Custom product attributes

Reviewer: Product Attributes

-   The Venia sample data has been updated to include product attributes. — [23][]  
-   Product attributes are now available on the product detail page. — [][]  
-   Products can now be filtered by attribute value. — [][]  

> ## Other highlights and fixes

Reviewer: Add another section about PDP layout supporting product attributes 
## PDP has dedicated slots for rendering product attributes values

# PWA Studio Release 12.4.0

**NOTE:**  
_This changelog only contains release notes for PWA Studio and Venia 12.4.0_  
_For older release notes, see_ [PWA Studio releases][].

## Highlights  

> The main focus of PWA Studio 12.4 is the enhanced ability to query and consume custom product attributes. While previously, this could be done, results were difficult to parse, with little ability for sorting and filtering. Now, custom product attributes are returned in their own object within the GraphQL response and can be sorted and filtered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main focus of PWA Studio 12.4 is additional support for working with custom product attributes. While previously, this could be done, results were difficult to parse, with little ability for sorting and filtering. Now, custom product attributes are returned in their own object within the GraphQL response, which can be sorted and filtered.
```
